Say we have an app i our computer, that we normally run with `npm start`, we want to `dockerize` this. image from the Docker hub. However if it were not to exist in the Docker hub, we would have to upload it ourselves. Anyways, lets read up on the node docker hub page https://hub.docker.com/_/node


Essentially we need to build an image from this app, that we can run on docker and have a container for it.
In this folder, we have creatd a Dockerfile-app, that has everything it needs to setup a server that listens on port 3030 and when we navigate to it, it shows the message hello from express on the browser.

# Lets set up the Dockerfile

References 
- dockerfile - https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/
- .dockerignore - https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#dockerignore-file

1. We need a Dockerfile in the folder
    - A Docker file is a set of instructions, that will line by line be used to build an image.
    - For this example we are going to use two set of `FROM` and `RUN`
2. `FROM` - We need an image to base from, we can use all kinds of images to build this image, but since this is going to be a `node` server, and we will be installing `express` inside, it makes sense to use the node image.

A quick `docker search` shows us that we can use the `node` image from the Docker hub. However if it were not to exist in the Docker hub, we would have to upload it ourselves. Anyways, lets read up on the node docker hub page https://hub.docker.com/_/node

The way docker images are refered it is `node:<version>`, so if we just do `FROM node`, its not entirely wrong syntax, its the same as saying `node:latest`, unless we specifiy a version itll use the latest one. There are two more variants `node:<verion>-alpine` which is a linux, its just a lightweight version. The last one is `node:<verion>-slim`, this version is not recommended unless you really really need a thing variant, it lacks a lot, its stripped down to the core.

For this example we are going to stick to `node:latest`
3. `COPY` - This line will allow us to copy from the root directory in our `application` to the root directory of the `container`. To keep thins simple we are going to do it like this `COPY . .`, copy everytihng from root dir to root dit, its messy but we are going to fine-tune this later
4. `RUN` - We have decided to list node_modules in the `.dockerignore` file, which means its not going to be included in the image, meaning we need to install packages. Thats what we are going to do with `RUN`, it basically runs a shell command, which in this case is `npm install`, to install dependencies, which for this app is just express
5. `CMD` - This is the instruction we are going to use to run the application, once its finally built. Which is `node app.js` to start our server

- There is a difference between `RUN` and `CMD`, this is from stackoverflow

```bash
 RUN is an image build step, the state of the container after a RUN command will be committed to the container image. A Dockerfile can have many RUN steps that layer on top of one another to build the image.

CMD is the command the container executes by default when you launch the built image. A Dockerfile will only use the final CMD defined. The CMD can be overridden when starting a container with docker run $image $other_command. 

```
source: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37461868/ddg#37462208

6. Final Dockerfile
```Dockerfile
FROM node:latest
COPY . .
RUN npm install
CMD ["node", "app.js"]
```

7. We are going to build this image in the next .md file